Support latest opentelemetry version for tracing sdk (#18534)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/core/azure-core-tracing-opentelemetry/CHANGELOG.md

## 1.0.0-beta.7 (Unreleased)

### Dependency Updates
- Added support for `opentelemetry-api` latest `0.14.1` version.

> For more detailed information, look [here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#version-0130---2020-12-17)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More detailed information about the new OpenTelemetry API version can be found in [OpenTelemetry changelog](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#version-0130---2020-12-17)
```
